welcome to this first video of 2 789
Today we will teach you how to create a
rubik cube with photos in photoshop good
let's start first they have to have the
rubik cube image and I will leave you the
link in the description of the video ok
then they have to open the photoshop
that I'll open it good I'll pass it
because I have it portable
well we keep money April and you
they have to follow my steps now they have
that go to open file to see the cube
rubik
and they go where they have it
and it will open
walk
then they have to open three images
that I will open them from nick jonas
any
where are the others
up here
and they give him to open
good if you want to open one by
one but I 'm farming from three to no
occupy so much good time for
transfer them have to go here and put
rectangular frame tool
select the whole image and then
control ce
and then they go to the rubik cube and what
stick
then to modify it tighten control
You do not enlarge it
and to adjust it they have to keep
tight control and with the mouse or tous
to drag to the corners
and this I already have the first image
and then the other
is this control yes
lic
and the pep or control I 'm going to enlarge
a little
now to adjust it
with the continent tight control and
move it with the touchpad or the mouse to the
corners
and there
now the other image
I'm not going to select everything because
it would be uneven with twisting
they minimize it
al kurbi and contrast control for
modify it enlarge a little bit with
control plus the mouse or tous ton for
adjust it
good
and there they would be left to save for
save it they have to go to file
save as
here or six or six more because there is some
another day in English this they have to
leave in photoshop what do you have to put
standing because if not when they will know them
the image will come out in pdf or in
in photoshop ok I will pay
yes
a desk and I keep it
robben one after in ok
and to those who left
there is
so it arrives
well I hope you have served
comment if you have any questions for the
they do not have YouTube account
we will leave our mail and hand up
subscribe chao chao